# Ghanshyam
OUR MISSION:- Mainstreaming the flood affected children, orphan, semi orphan and street children in the national building by providing care, support and protection through shelter, food and education in our mission. THE PROJECT – AN OVERVIEW:- In spite of planned development and special provision for socio-economic development of flood affected, neglected/disadvantaged sections, the issue of flood affected children, semi orphan and street children, are found the problems of orphan/street children is acute due to urbanization and industrialization. Due to the deaths in flood, HIV/AIDS affected person, re-marriage of deserted / widowed/ divorce women absence of love and security in the families, family disputes, unwanted pregnancy of trafficking / sexually exploited girls. These flood affected children; orphan and street children are left without care and support. These children are involved in bagging, rag picking, pick pocketing and participating in anti social, criminal activities. Therefore envisage mainstreaming these children in the national building by providing care, support and protection in our ORPHANAGE HOME. The project proposed in this scheme is meant for support to built and drive the orphanage.  SUMMARY:- This orphanage home aims to provide care, support and protection for 200 flood affected children, orphan and street children. This home has 4 care takers.2 teachers, 1 warden; a doctor is conducting health check-up and providing medicines. All the inmates are being provided with 3 time nutritious food, one set of books and 2sets of uniforms. Every child has opportunity for indoor and out-door recreation and play facilities along with training in crafts and hobbies.
